So the first thing we're going to do I'll list
the Kafka topics that we have available on our server.
So run type Kafka-topics,
and I'm going to hit "Enter".
This isn't going to do anything except print out
all the various configuration options available to us.
You can see, and real quick I'm actually go to
"View single document mode" so that we can view more of the screen at once.
There are a number of options available to us with the Kafka topics command.
We're not going to cover most of these in this class,
but I'm going to point out a couple of the important options that you might want to use.
First there's a create and delete command,
as always describe, and list.
These commands can be used to create,
delete or list topics or describe the topic.
Additionally, this --zookeeper option is
required every time you want to use the Kafka topics command.
Now, if you don't know what Zookeeper is that's okay.
We're going to review some depth at the very beginning of Lesson 2.
But for now, know that Zookeeper keeps some of the configuration for the Kafka cluster.
So we have to talk to it so that we can get information about the topics.
So now that you've actually seen an overview,
let's list Kafka topics.
So we're going to type in Kafka-topics ---list because we want to list the topics,
and we're going to specify Zookeeper.
Now, I'm going to minimize this window again so
that I can show you how you can get the Zookeeper URL.
I've put it in the description here and it's going to be
the same for you as it is for me in this demonstration.
So we're going to type in localhost:2181 and hit "Enter".
So you can see, I'm going to resize this window just a little bit,
and this is another nice feature of this new workspace.
You can see that when I resize the window I can see what I've actually run,
and you can see a list of all the Kafka topics that are currently available.
Now, we haven't created a Kafka topic yet,
so these are all system topics.
Typically, system topics are prefixed with an underscore,
and I would not recommend interacting with it if you can avoid it.
Now, we've actually listed a topics,
let's go ahead and create a topic.
So we're going to use the Kafka topics command again.
We're going to specify the create switch instead of the list switch this time.
We're also going to tell Kafka the name of the topic that we want to create.
In this case, we're going to use my-first-topic,
and then we're going to pass these two options here;
partitions and replication factor.
Don't worry about what this means just now.
We're going to cover this in more detail in Lesson 2.
So for now, just pass these values through,
because we have to specify them for Kafka.
Finally, we're going to specify Zookeeper again,
so that our Kafka cli tool knows how to
talk to the Kafka cluster, and then we're going to hit "Enter".
Wait just a moment, and you can see
that we successfully created our topic, "my-first-topic".
So we can wait up a few times here and then relist
the topics just to confirm that our topic now exists on the Kafka cluster,
and you can see my first topic has been created.